# Computer Programming

1. [Questions](#Questions)
2. [Answers](#Answers)
3. [Text](#Text)
4. [Text translation](#Translation)

## Questions

## Answers

## Text

Computer Programming

Programming is the process of preparing a set of coded instructions which enables the computer to solve specific problems or to perform specific functions. The
essence of computer programming is the encoding of the program for the computer by means of algorythms. The thing is that any problem is expressed in
mathematical terms, it contains formulae, equations and calculations'. But the computer cannot manipulate formulae, equations and calculations. Any problem must
be specially processed for the computer to understand it, that is — coded or programmed.

The phase in which the system's computer programs are written is called the development phase. The programs are lists of instructions that will be followed by
the control unit of the central processing unit (CPU). The instructions of the program must be complete and in the appropriate sequence, or else the wrong
answers will result. To guard against these errors in logic and to document the program's logical approach, logic plans should be developed.

There are two common techniques for planning the logic of a program. The first technique is flowcharting. A flowchart is a plan in the form of a graphic or
pictorial representation that uses predefined symbols to illustrate the program logic. It is, therefore, a "picture" of the logical steps to be performed by the
computer. Each of the predefined symbols shapes stands for a general operation. The symbol shape communicates the nature of the general operation, and the
specifics are written within the symbol. A plastic or metal guide called a template is used to make drawing the symbols easier.

The second technique for planning program logic is called pseudocode. Pseudocode is an imitation of actual program instructions. It allows a program-like
structure without the burden of programming rules to follow. Pseudo code is less time-consuming for the professional programmer than is flowcharting. It also
emphasizes a top-down approach to program structure. Pseudocode has three basic structures: sequence, decision, and looping logic. With these three structures,
any required logic can be expressed.

## Translation

Computer Programming

Программирование - это процесс подготовки набора кодированных инструкций, который позволяет компьютеру решать конкретные проблемы или выполнять определенные
функции.А Сущность компьютерного программирования является кодированием программы для компьютера с помощью алгоритмов.Дело в том, что любая проблема выражена в
Математические термины, он содержит формулы, уравнения и расчеты ».Но компьютер не может манипулировать формулами, уравнениями и расчетами.Любая проблема должна
Будьте специально обработаны для компьютера, чтобы понять его, то есть кодируется или запрограммирован.

Фаза, на которой написаны компьютерные программы системы, называется этапом разработки.Программы представляют собой списки инструкций, за которыми последуют
Блок управления центральной обработкой (ЦП).Инструкции программы должны быть полными и в соответствующей последовательности, или иначе неправильно Ответы
приведут.Чтобы защитить эти ошибки в логике и документировать логический подход программы, должны быть разработаны логические планы.

Есть два общих метода планирования логики программы.Первая техника - это блок -схема.Блок -схема - это план в виде графики или Изображенное представление,
которое использует предопределенные символы, чтобы проиллюстрировать логику программы.Следовательно, это «картина» логических шагов, которые будут выполнены
компьютерКаждая из предопределенных форм символов означает общую операцию.Форма символа передает природу общей работы и специфики написаны в символе.Пластиковый
или металлический направляющий, называемый шаблоном, используется для облегчения рисования символов.

Второй метод логики программы планирования называется Pseudocode.Псевдокод является имитацией реальных инструкций по программе.Это позволяет программу, подобную
программе Структура без бремени правил программирования следовать.Псевдо-код является менее трудоемким для профессионального программиста, чем блок-схема.Это
также Подчеркивает нисходящий подход к структуре программы.Pseudocode имеет три основные структуры: последовательность, решение и логика цикла.С этими тремя
структурами, Любая необходимая логика может быть выражена.
