# History of Computers

1. [Text](#Text)
2. [Paraphrase](#Paraphrase)
3. [Text translation](#Translation)

## Paraphrase

History of Computers

Lets take a look at the history of the computers. First calculating device used was the ten fingers of a man’s hands. Then the abacus was invented, a bead frame
in which the beads are moved from left to right. It is being used in some parts of the world because it can be understood without knowing how to read.

Calculus, another branch of mathematics, was independently invented by both Sir Isaac Newton, an Englishman, and Leibnitz, a German mathematician. The first
type of machine, which saves a great deal of time and reduces the possibility of making mistakes, depends on a ten- toothed gear wheels.

In 1830 Charles Babbage, an Englishman, designed a machine that was called “The Analytical Engine’. This machine, was an attempt to cut out the human being
altogether, expert for providing the machine with the necessary facts the problem to be solved.

In 1930, the first analog computer was built by American named Vannevar Bush. The device was used in World War II to help aim guns. Mark I, the name given to
the first digital computer, was completed in 1944. The men responsible for this invention were Professor Howard Aiken and some people from IBM.

In 1946 two engineers at the University of Pennsylvania, J. Eckert and J. Mayshly, built the first digital computer using parts called vacuum tubes. They named
their new invention UNIAC. The first generation of computers, which used vacuum tubes, came out in 1950. UNIAC I was an example of these computers which could
perform thousand of calculations per second. In 1960, the second generation of computers was developed and could perform work ten times faster than their
predecessors. The reason for this extra speed was the use of transistors instead of vacuum tubes.

Second generation computers were smaller, faster and more dependable than first generation computers.

The third-generation computers appeared on the market in 1965. These computers could do a million calculations a second. Unlike second-generation computers,
these are controlled by tiny integrated circuits and are consequently smaller and more dependable.

Fourth-generation computers have now arrived, and the integrated circuits that are being developed have been greatly reduced in size. A chip is a square or
rectangular piece of silicon, which is encapsulated in plastic metal. Fourth-generation computers are 50 times faster than third-generation computers and can
complete approximately 1.000.000 instructions per second.

## Text

History of Computers

Let us take a look at the history of the computers that we know today. The very first calculating device used was the ten fingers of a man’s hands. This, in
fact, is why today we count in tens and multiply of tens. Then the abacus was invented, a bead frame in which the beads are moved from left to right. People
went on using some form of abacus well into the 16™ century, it is being used in some parts of the world because it can be understood without knowing how to
read.

During the 17th and 18th centuries many people tried to find easy ways of calculating. J. Napier, a Scotsman, devised a mechanical way of multiplying and
dividing, which is how the modern slide rule works. Henry Briggs used Napier’s ideas to produce logarithm which all mathematicians used today.

Calculus, another branch of mathematics, was independently invented by both Sir Isaac Newton, an Englishman, and Leibnitz, a German mathematician. The first
real calculating machine appeared in 1820 as the result of several people’s experiments. This type of machine, which saves a great deal of time and reduces the
possibility of making mistakes, depends on a ten- toothed gear wheels.

In 1830 Charles Babbage, an Englishman, designed a machine that was called “The Analytical Engine’. This machine, which Babbage showed at the Paris Exhibition
in 1855, was an attempt to cut out the human being altogether, expert for providing the machine with the necessary facts the problem to be sowed. He never
finished this work, but many of his ideas were the basis for building today’s computers.

In 1930, the first analog computer was built by American named Vannevar Bush. The device was used in World War II to help aim guns. Mark I, the name given to
the first digital computer, was completed in 1944. The men responsible for this invention were Professor Howard Aiken and some people from IBM. This was the
first machine that could figure out long of mathematical problems all at a very fast speed.

In 1946 two engineers at the University of Pennsylvania, J. Eckert and J. Mayshly, built the first digital computer using parts called vacuum tubes. They named
their new invention UNIAC. The first generation of computers, which used vacuum tubes, came out in 1950. UNIAC I was an example of these computers which could
perform thousand of calculations per second. In 1960, the second generation of computers was developed and could perform work ten times faster than their
predecessors. The reason for this extra speed was the use of transistors instead of vacuum tubes. Second generation computers were smaller, faster and more
dependable than first generation computers.

The third-generation computers appeared on the market in 1965. These computers could do a million calculations a second, which is 1000 times faster than the
first generation computers. Unlike second-generation computers, these are controlled by tiny integrated circuits and are consequently smaller and more
dependable. Fourth-generation computers have now arrived, and the integrated circuits that are being developed have been greatly reduced in size. This is due to
microminiturization, which means that the circuits are much smaller than before; as many as 1000 tiny circuits now fit onto a single chip. A chip is a square or
rectangular piece of silicon, usually from 1/10 to % inch, upon which several layers of an integrated circuit are attached or imprinted, after which the circuit
is encapsulated in plastic metal. Fourth-generation computers are 50 times faster than third-generation computers and can complete approximately 1.000.000
instructions per second.

## Translation

History of Computers

Давайте посмотрим на историю компьютеров, которые мы знаем сегодня.Самым первым использованным расчетным устройством было десять пальцев рук мужчины.Это в Факт,
почему сегодня мы считаем десятками и размножаются десятки.Затем был изобретен абакус, рама бусин, в которой бусы перемещаются слева направо.Люди продолжал
использовать какую -то форму abacus в течение 16 ™, он используется в некоторых частях мира, потому что его можно понять, не зная, как это читать.

В течение 17 и 18 веков многие люди пытались найти простые способы расчета.J. Napier, шотландский, разработал механический способ умножения и Разделение, как
работает современное правило слайдов.Генри Бриггс использовал идеи Нейпира для производства логарифма, который все математики использовали сегодня.

Calculus, еще одна ветвь математики, был независимо изобретен как сэром Исааком Ньютоном, англичанином, и Лейбнитом, немецким математиком.Первый Реальная
расчетная машина появилась в 1820 году в результате экспериментов нескольких людей.Этот тип машины, которая экономит много времени и уменьшает Возможность
совершения ошибок, зависит от десятиценно зубчатых колес.

В 1830 году Чарльз Бэббидж, англичанин, разработал машину, которую называли «Аналитическим двигателем».Эта машина, которую BABBARTES показал на Парижской
выставке В 1855 году была попыткой вырезать человека вообще, эксперт по предоставлению машине необходимым фактам, чтобы выпить.Он никогда Закончил эту работу,
но многие из его идей были основой для создания сегодняшних компьютеров.

В 1930 году первый аналоговый компьютер был построен американцем по имени Ванневар Буш.Устройство использовалось во Второй мировой войне, чтобы помочь
нацелиться на оружие.Марк I, название дано Первый цифровой компьютер был завершен в 1944 году. Мужчинами, ответственными за это изобретение, были профессор
Говард Айкен и некоторые люди из IBM.Это был Первая машина, которая могла бы выяснить математические задачи на очень быстрой скорости.

В 1946 году два инженера из Университета Пенсильвании, Дж. Экерт и Дж. Мэйша, создали первый цифровой компьютер, используя детали, называемые вакуумными
трубками.Они назвали их новое изобретение Uniac.Компьютеры первого поколения, которые использовали вакуумные трубки, вышли в 1950 году. Uniac I был примером
этих компьютеров, которые могли выполнять тысячу расчетов в секунду.В 1960 году было разработано второе поколение компьютеров и могло выполнять работу в десять
раз быстрее, чем их предшественники.Причиной этой дополнительной скорости было использование транзисторов вместо вакуумных трубок.Компьютеры второго поколения
были меньше, быстрее и более надежный, чем компьютеры первого поколения.

Компьютеры третьего поколения появились на рынке в 1965 году. Эти компьютеры могут сделать миллион расчетов на секунду, что в 1000 раз быстрее, чем Компьютеры
первого поколения.В отличие от компьютеров второго поколения, они контролируются крошечными интегрированными цепи и, следовательно, меньше и более надежный.В
настоящее время появились компьютеры четвертого поколения, и разрабатываемые интегрированные цепи значительно уменьшены.Это связано с Микроминитуризация, что
означает, что схемы намного меньше, чем раньше;Целых 1000 крошечных цепей теперь помещаются в один чип.Чип - это квадрат или Прямоугольный кусок кремния, обычно
от 1/10 до % дюйма, на котором прикреплены или импринтируются несколько слоев интегрированной цепи, после чего цепь инкапсулируется в пластиковый
металл.Компьютеры четвертого поколения в 50 раз быстрее, чем компьютеры третьего поколения и могут завершить примерно 1.000 000 инструкции в секунду.
